feat: planet scale working (#45)
MeltanoLabs/tap-mysql: README.md

| user                | False    | None    | User name used to authenticate. Note if sqlalchemy_url is set this will be ignored. |
| password            | False    | None    | Password used to authenticate. Note if sqlalchemy_url is set this will be ignored. |
| database            | False    | None    | Database name. Note if sqlalchemy_url is set this will be ignored. |

> | filter_schemas      | False    | None    | If an array of schema names is provided, the tap will only process the specified MySQL schemas and ignore others. If left blank, the tap automatically determines ALL available MySQL schemas. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| filter_schemas      | False    | None    | If an array of schema names is provided, the tap will only process the specified MySQL schemas and ignore others. If left blank, the tap automatically processes ALL available MySQL schemas. |
```

> | sqlalchemy_options             | False    | None    | sqlalchemy_url options (also called the query), to connect to PlanetScale you must turn on SSL see PlanetScale information below. Note if sqlalchemy_url is set this will be ignored. |

Reviewer: It's probably not clear if this should be a string or a JSON object, so worth noting that in the description.

```suggestion
| sqlalchemy_options             | False    | None    | sqlalchemy_url options (also called the query), to connect to PlanetScale you must turn on SSL. See the PlanetScale section below for details. Note: if `sqlalchemy_url` is set this will be ignored. |
```

Author: Fixed!

> | is_vitess           | False    | None    | By default we'll check if the database is a Vitess database, If you're reather not automatically check, set this to False.See Vitess(PlanetScale) documentation below for more information. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| is_vitess           | False    | None    | By default we'll check if the database is a Vitess instance. If you'd rather not automatically check, set this to `False`. See Vitess/ PlanetScale documentation below for more information. |
```

Author: Fixed!

tap-mysql --config CONFIG --discover > ./catalog.json
```

### PlanetScale(Vitess) Support
To get planetscale to work you need to use SSL.

config example in meltano.yml
```yaml
      host: aws.connect.psdb.cloud
      user: 01234fdsoi99
      database: tap-mysql

>       options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      sqlalchemy_options:
```
